hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another video and today I'm going
to show you guys my weekend routine now
I don't have an alarm on the weekend so
I get to wake up when there's actual
daylight which is quite nice and I
usually sleep in until it around 10:00
and once I get up I then get dressed
because every wise I will fall right
back into my bed once I make in my room
I then go and make my bed because let's
face it I'm still tempted to just go and
lie back into it and we don't want to
waste away the entire day and then I
take my vitamin D pills because I have a
little vitamin D deficiency and during
quarantine is especially important to
get your vitamin D Joes and yet then
it's time to do my makeup I do my makeup
even on the weekend when nobody sees me
because I really enjoy the process of
putting on makeup and yeah it's just
kind of fun to me I'm honestly not in a
hurry on the weekend and I don't stress
myself so it is usually around 11:00 by
the time I get to the kitchen and make
myself some breakfast but yeah I just
take my time and I really enjoy the
process of making myself breakfast
because it was something I never really
got to do about university because on
the weekends I was just stressing about
getting all my readings down for the
next week so just having this time off
now during the summer and getting to
make myself a healthy breakfast is quite
nice once I finish my breakfast I go
back to my room and then it is time to
pick up my tasks for the weekend
so the way I do it is is I have a to-do
list which I just keep on a little piece
of paper I don't write down a lot of
traduz for the weekend because it's the
weekend but I pick out a few for my
things free to-do list
so things freeze an amazing app for to
do's and I highly recommend it to
anybody who is trying to get on top of
their tasks because you have lists for
everything you can make as many lists as
you want so for example I have a list on
a blog for I work for University for
everything and the great thing is you
can add deadlines to it and then it will
automatically put them in your to day
lives whenever they're due and yeah it's
just an amazing app for organizing all
of you to juice especially because it
also has headings and this is something
I have rarely seen and to do apps for
some reason but headings are super super
useful
so yeah in conclusion I would highly
recommend the app and basically what I
do is I just go over my lists and things
free and I pick out a few - dues that I
want to get done over the weekend so
here's my list for this weekend and the
first thing that I had to do was emails
because yeah emails they just keep
coming in so I just went through my
emails forward a few replies for a few
emails myself that I still had to ride
and
should get my emails down to zero which
is a big success for me now that my
emails were done it was time to move on
to the next to do which was making a
thumbnail so I'd already edited the
video for Sunday because I always post
on Sunday so I just needed to do the
thumbnail with just a picture you see
when you click on a video and yeah
basically I just edited a picture and
then just edit it a bit of text so that
people can see what the video is about
and that was pretty much it and yeah
here's another to do complete as you can
see these are not really big tasks
because I try to keep my weekend pretty
chill because well it is the weekend
after all so the next task was a YouTube
channel project this is the project
where I'm helping someone else make a
channel it's really really fun they just
wanted some help you know with things
like designing a cover photo for the
channel and stuff like that which is
pretty easy once you fit on YouTube for
a while but when you're new to it it's
all a little bit much but yeah we got
all that done and I just feel like I've
really gotten some work done whenever I
do some work for this project which is
really nice and I usually get some
snacks throughout the day I don't really
eat lunch because well I had breakfast
actually at 11:30 so yeah next up was
writing a blog post because I post
pretty much all my content on Sunday so
I usually get it all done on Saturdays
so I edited a picture for that and then
I just wrote the post I usually get
snacks in between writing the posts and
yeah pretty much all of my children's
because as I said I don't really have
lunch but yeah once the post was done I
could just then put it up on my website
and this is what it looks like on my
blog I usually add some stuff whenever
you know it makes sense so here for
example added two of my videos but
largely is just me writing down my
faults and since I take my married time
with pretty much everything on the
weekend and I also snack a lot in
between it was then already late
afternoon which made it a perfect time
for some self-care because the weekend
is the time where that really should be
a priority so it was time for me to wash
my hair and put in a little hair mask
and that's where we get to the sponsor
of today's video which is function of
beauty function of beauty makes hair
product and their hair products are
super customizable you even get a bottle
with whatever name you want them to put
on it so for me its function of Elena
you get to pick the colors and
everything and the cool thing is they
have no parabens sulfates GMOs or toxins
and they're 100% vegan and cruelty-free
you can set whatever goals you want with
the product so for example I wanted some
more volume and I also wanted my hair to
be hydrated and then you can pick your
color you can customize pretty much
everything about this and personally I
think it works quite well for me was
really important to get the ends off my
hair a little bit more hydrated and I
think it really did the job
they sent me a shampoo and conditioner
and a hair mask and honestly the
products are amazing you can also get
them as a subscription service so you
don't have to think about buying your
shampoo and conditioner at the right
times and you can completely customize
them including the scent
under the website and they also send you
some really cute stickers which is just
a little bonus I wanted to mention and
you guys can get 20% off with the link
in description box below but now let's
get back to the videos so here's me
after washing my hair and putting in a
little hair mask one function of beauty
and yes I'm also wearing a face mask
because sales care and then I was time
for the next to do which is my
newsletter I sent out my newsletter
every Sunday you can sign up for it
under the link in the description box
below but basically it shows a lot of my
thoughts and some reading
recommendations some things I enjoyed
over the week and yeah that's pretty
much it so basically I just write that
every Saturday so that it's already done
so that I can send it out on Sunday and
as you can see here it's pretty much
just a lot of things that I thought were
pretty cool and that I hope that the
people who get the newsletter enjoy so
things like a quote that I liked music I
know my music taste is horrible but I
will defend it anyway
and yes stuff like that and then I just
schedule it the great thing is about
MailChimp you can schedule it super
easily so that you don't have to
remember sending it out on the day and
then it was time for dinner here's my
mom she cooked for us
it was really really good and yet then
it was time to take off my face mask
because I left it on for quite a while
and I thought now would just be a good
time to remind you guys that yeah we all
have flaws and I recently had my skin
break out a little and it's absolutely
okay so here's just me going over my
evening routine and I thought now would
just be a good time to just you know
tell you guys in case no one told you
today you are beautiful
regardless of applause you have and
regardless of the state
your skin because let's face it that is
not what makes you pretty and yeah then
it was time for me to get into bed and
on weekends I allow myself to watch the
blacklist in bed because I really enjoy
the TV show and I just fall asleep to
that and I thought on the next day I
would save you guys my morning routine
again because it's pretty much the same
so instead I just chose to show you guys
the book that I'm currently reading
which is the righteous mind by Jonathan
Hyde I just started it at that point but
I have finished it by now and I can tell
you that book is amazing it is such a
great insight into why politics and
religion are such controversial topics
for us as humans would highly recommend
it I'm gonna put a link in the
description box below if you're
interested and yeah then it was time to
get back to my planner and my to-do list
for the weekend after spending my entire
morning just reading and then it was
time for it to do which I have had on me
like my things for you to do list for
ages and it's not a big task but you
know these little tasks where you just
you don't keep pushing them away
basically all I had to do was edit the
About section of my two websites because
they have been there for a very long
time and they needed some updating and
total the whole thing probably took me
about ten minutes for both of the
websites but you know when you have
these little tasks which you just keep
pushing away then they just seem really
big but yeah just a little reminder
they're not as big as you think and that
concludes that to do and then we only
had one left which was starting my
research from a political commentary
channel so on that channel I make videos
well about politics and I'm currently
researching defunding the police and
yeah what I do is I make it mine map
whenever I start researching a new topic
with questions but also issues that I
think might arise and that's pretty much
the starting point for my research and I
Ament that as I go along with my
research since identify new questions
and probably also a new subtopic so an
example here is for example the starting
point for me would be meaning often
finding the police since there is
disagreement about that and you know to
what extent is their spectrum and what
is the spectrum of interpretations of
the term stuff like that so I just write
down all of my questions on the topic
and then I start doing my research I
usually start by reading a few articles
usually I start out with the New York
Times because I think their articles are
very well researched and then I also
move over to Vox because I really enjoy
their content and I think they have
great summaries
so I write them in my notes up and so
five four two articles and I always use
direct quotations mostly and then I just
write down some questions that I have
about some of the statements that he
offers made or things that I want to
look in a little more for example if
they mention certain research papers etc
now most of the topics that I research
never make it past my research stage
because I just don't feel like I can
make a video on it because often I
research and I feel like okay I have a
pretty good understanding of it but not
enough to actually condense it so much
that I can turn it into a short video
dot you know helps people understand the
topic so yeah but anyways I think just
the process of me doing research is
something that has really helped me and
kept me more politically informed
we're just something I like about having
a political commentary channel so yeah
it makes my channel a little less active
because I only post when I really feel
like I know enough but I think that also
makes it kind of good and yep I'll
probably just read a few more articles
and then probably go back to my book and
just enjoy the rest of my Sunday and
yeah thank you so much diffraction of
beauty for sponsoring this video and I
hope you guys enjoyed watching it thank
you so much for being here have a nice
day
[Music]